the siege of paris I'm sure they'd be
searched around on YouTube there is a
seat how to seek Paris well this is an
his strategy on how to eat Paris well
wester first got this game i SAT around
on how to see certain capital his that
was the only video on any seat on any
capital and i just learn from him but
there's the only a few pointers that I
point out that on this video that he
didn't mention whatever I did use the
strategies tech the middle there's the
point I know that after going to sit Rep
and look at the map and was not a
starter game of course if you deploy
your artillery it doesn't matter which
faction you are attacking you can
immediately force attack them that first
barricade in front of the middle map you
can you can basically force attack them
and then point to the location on the
map which is basically somewhere in
front of that bridge and you can just
randomly strike that area it's easier to
destroy that barricade instead to read
instead of the wreck attack one beer key
if you generalize and tap that little on
the ground you can basically destroy a
whole bunch of barricade art ones as you
destroy the barricade the enemy pulsing
in some flyer and send their artillery
on you while you sit in your infantry
inside transport which which i recommend
immediately to get and secure those uh
bling and then upgrade them to whatever
upgrade that's available to you well
since is a skirmish game and we had to
push record when recording is kind of
like a stone
I wasn't playing tip-top shape and then
again is a scrimmage game in the rank is
kind of various been depending on which
and Italian type on the skirmish game
you do my show chosen mech but whatever
now as soon as destroy the first
barricade you generalize an attack the
general ground around the second
barricade once that is drawing as you
can see from right now one dozen straw
you got an open you don't really have to
destroy the whole barricade area by more
recommend is apparently style based out
of destroyed these to the front bear
calendar middle bridge in the back bear
King rhetoric and mentioned that got
some people go to side I wouldn't know
but if you do that's a huge detour
instead of destroying to barricade you
have to go through free which I never go
to South when whatever reason that
detour is going to take you forever and
on my old channel and video there was an
argument that which capital C capital
was the hardest in in conclusion I agree
with my old channel comment as the old
channel video comment that this map is
this man particularly is the hardest of
all seed I really ever kept your alpha
during this NEC comparison i rarely
capture it occasionally i do but it's
just too damn hard because they can
easily garrison all the surrounding
buildings cause it and attacking them
which is pain and but that's why it's
hard I mean there's so much area that
the enemy can garrison and caused a bit
of pain and blood to do you okay that
been saying the reason why I destroy
usually afters usually have to destroy
the tube barricade I usually gather my
force around
whiskey and then plan on my next attack
depending on what the enemy deploy
usually a fight against computer because
online there's not a lot of people and
then again I don't play online on in war
because it's like goes down that being
same usually I gather my fourth around
whiskey and then depending on what the
enemy deployment if I haven't got your
good chance to calc your phone like
right now i'll see that mostly infantry
and i got a lot vehicle around so i just
plow through it and try to capture alpha
i got plenty of time for a minute
remaining and I I got plenty of time
Calculon at the same time material time
I usually just destroy the enemy as i
try to plow through it that well not
much different between the Red Dragons
strategy his I think it'd make more
sense but mines this little added
pointer to his strategy I using his
because I base it off his when learning
how to seize this map anyway it was good
education no anyway if you had chance
plow through and capture alpha which
mature time is hard to do on this map
because the hardest seat map of them all
majority time I have to destroy the
enemy if I'm lucky I might not get
destroyed well that'd be insane I hope
you listen to my pointer white if video
first didn't listen to my poem and
that's all
you